{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Instructions:\
Cut the following files on a laser cutter, with protective paper intact. Peel protective paper, and assemble.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Assembly Video:\
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xstukrQpv-8\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Material:\
The case was designed for 3mm thick material. The laser kerf on my cutter is roughly 0.2mm, so this should work for most materials, but it\'92s up to the user to adjust the slots as needed.\
\
Versions: \
All versions have both the \'93M\'94 and horizontal line top. Please choose whichever looks best to you.\
noUSB is the version to use if you don\'92t have a USB Hub.\
USB1.1 is the version to use if you have a USB 1.1 Hub. It can be used with OTuckGo, if you have one. \
USB1.2 is the version to use if you have a USB 1.2 Hub. It is designed to accommodate the MiSTer USB Bracket or USB Bridge (3150 version won\'92t work). https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Hardware_MiSTer/tree/master/Addons\
\
Buttons:\
Buttons are made from 10mm acrylic rods. They need to be cut to length using a high-powered CO2 laser cutter (mine is 100W). Trial and error required here. The rings then need to be acrylic bonded to the 10mm rod. This is the most challenging part of the case.\
Alternatively, you can 3D print the buttons.\
\
}